Game Concepts

Fish in a barrel. A joke mini-game created over a few days. It started out as an original fishing game with the twist that players then threw
the fish up in the air after they reel it in and shoot it several times with a pistol to cook it.
The amount of accurate shots made in a short period of time determined how well the fish was reviewed on "Finstagram" from 1 to 5 stars

Punch Em Up - Another vertical slice created to help teach and practice fighting game inputs on a game pad. The player takes control of an
old bouncer who constantly punches from light to medium to heavy attacks on the game pad 

Kid Combo - A pet project of a single screen new age beat em up. Play as the God of Animated Violence returning from the dead to kill the rest of his.
The main mechanics of this game were creating a character who's fought more effectively if the light and heavy attacks were entered in a rhthym
(to help disuade needless button mashing) as well as hit enemies around the screen in impeccable co mbos that.
The game was created with both controller and smartphones in mind.
The player would also be able to use super attacks that chnage the background of the environment (such as a shark attack devouring all enemies on 
the left side of the screen.

The theme of the game was on television genres (Sports, Musical, Animal Channel, History Channel, Sitcoms, Silent Movies, Cooking Shows, Commercials, Educational Television) and the (with the final boss being the News)

The World's End - A card game based on the movie by Edgar Wright in which players go on a pub crawl and get over run by . 
The game's entire concept revolved managing resources and combat mechanics between friends. At each bar a special event would occur with an aspect that would effect combat such as a 

Plants vs. Zombies- A card game meant to emulate. 

A Dungeon Crawler Boardgame where players took the role of superheroes. They could customize their own powers and abilities and even the layout of the board as each piece was a comic book panel that they would have to navigate
from the top left to the bottom right with the encounters and traps being tied to the squares on each panel.

A Theatre Game-
Similar to whose line is it anyway a game master is given scenes that the players.

An escape room where the participants rather than seeking to escape the room searched for their inheritance from a recently departed Great Uncle
by using locating the safe and the combination from clues left by old recordings on tape recorder he made before he died talking about his important
moments and . Public Domain comic book art and characters from the Golden Age was used and slightly edited.


Action Script Set in the dessert

Movie Review
